# Trending_YouTube_Video_Analysis

# Youtube is the world’s largest video platform with millions of concurrent users every day and vast influence on customer behavior, beliefs, and opinions. Because of that, maximizing video performance has gained tangible economic value and many startups use it to gain traction and garner interest in their products and services.
# I plan to use the dataset to analyze the composition and popularity associated with different factors of trending videos on YouTube, and dig in deeper to elaborate on the relationship between them. To be more specific, some trending videos are highly controversial because of its content or types. In addition to that, what I am interested in are how the culture divergence affects viewer’s likes, dislikes and the overall most popular video types. 
# The dataset I use for this project is “Trending YouTube Video Statistics” from Kaggle, which includes months of data on daily trending YouTube videos for the USA, Great Britain, Germany, Canada, France, Russia, Mexico, South Korea, Japan, and India regions, with up to 200 listed trending videos per day. For language friendly purposes, I only use data from the USA, Great Britain, Germany, Canada, France, and Mexico.  For each region’s data, it includes the video title, channel title, publish time, tags, views, likes and dislikes, description, and comment count. I employ a number of techniques from the Scikit/Learn, Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib toolkit in Python to analyze the dataset at hand.
